hey youtube this is not very little army
with my Star Wars base it's it's not
really the best place on YouTube but how
I could as I'm gonna start at the front
we've got some towers the plant drawings
in them and that little turn that comes
with it he's gonna battle pack um uh the
Taylors are events timidly fall apart
seriously I'm I got this weird kind of
Ken thingy put gun are there cuz it's
begun his name's guy it was a lot got
sliding doors as I've got two random
troopers guard from that little you know
bomb squad troops I've got to bomb squad
guys with boss marching in what they
captured him or something over here have
got kind of like a power generator like
a generator of the base and stuff and
little like the gun getting more is a
pretty cool I like him I was am I I've
got you know another bomb squad trooper
well guys she not Main Street or
something like that I've got a little
I've trooper walking into the hangar
sort of thing I've got the Walker right
there little my drawings beating like
that a speeder to other speeders and
that's what I've got Oh sliding door I
hate those sliding doors i got my nerves
let's cover here i've got a little
armory right here little keypad open it
I'm like that and then I've got him a
clone with their some porn company
troopers I'm a bomb squad super I'm
guessing like just being told I go on
some kind of mission some sort good I'm
up like wampum cell right here that's
why he's gotten that don't want a water
pollution here and a mom that's pretty
much all my little place let me see if I
can get all my picture there we go